Ah this is
Is this the project cooperation letter?
It's all your doing
But my contract is so void
It's not you
Mom, it couldn't be more obvious
After days of hard work
President Nalan
Negotiations on cooperation have been reached.
Today because of his reckless
An unknown collision
President Nalan will void the contract in public
How dare you put gold on your face
Did you know
The reason why President Nalan tore up the project cooperation letter
Not because of my recklessness
It's your attitude towards me
This project
Fan Shao, we talked to President Nalan yesterday.
now
You buried it with your own hands, it can bring you to the world
A chance to reach the sky in one step
Are you two trying to kill me with laughter?
Now President Nalan is here
You have to be open-mouthed
Lin Fan
What's the point?
I don't think you put our Lin's Group
Dragged into the endless hell
Never give up
Do you want
Is my whole death doomed?
Ning Fan you
Mom, don't be angry.
Pay attention to your body
Lin Fan
You did a good job
If it weren't for your reckless arrogance
Contracts everywhere won't be torn up either
The investment will not be wasted in the coming year
Do you know wrong
wrong
Lao Tzu's biggest mistake
Just to keep you from doing this shit
Only know the people who get dividends
Life is so comfortable